Add release notes and changelog for OC 11.5 (#3550)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/releasenotes.md

- [[#3002](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/3002)] - Sign publication URL of events in External API
- [[#3148](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/3148)] - Allow empty track duration

Additional Notes about 11.5
---------------------------

> This release downgrades Paella from 6.5.5 to 6.4.4 to fix HLS videos not loading on slow connections (forward merged
> from 10.11 to this release). Additional fixes concern issues with the admin UI configuration (cf.
> [[#3532](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/3532)]), exceptions when signing publication URLs (cf.
> [[#3540](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/3540)]), problems in the admin UI when creating a series with
> an empty title (cf. [[#3460](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/3460)]) and issues with Safari when using the
> editor (cf. [[#3544](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/3544)]). A notable new feature is the password
> strength indicator in the user modal. Also, the stand-alone editor was updated  to version 2022-03-22 (for details on
> the changes, see the corresponding [release notes](https://github.com/opencast/opencast-editor/releases/tag/2022-03-22)
> for the editor). Furthermore, configuration options for Elasticsearch have been added. In case a request to
> Elasticsearch fails because of an `ElasticsearchStatusException`, you can now configure Opencast to try again. For this,
> set `max.retry.attempts` in `org.opencastproject.elasticsearch.index.ElasticsearchIndex.cfg` to  something higher than
> 0. Set `retry.waiting.period` to a time period in ms to wait between retries (default: 1 second) so  you don't overwhelm
> Elasticsearch. Both parameters can be configured separately for read-only actions and those that also update or delete,
> since arguably the success of the latter is more important. Changing this config does not require  a restart of
> Opencast. See the [Elasticsearch docs](configuration/elasticsearch.md) for more details. Lastly, traditional chinese
> translations are back (cf. [[#3545](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/3545)]).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug Fixes:
-- This release downgrades Paella from 6.5.5 to 6.4.4 to fix HLS videos not loading on slow connections (forward merged
from 10.11 to this release). 
-- Issues with the admin UI configuration (cf.
[[#3532](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/3532)])
-- Exceptions when signing publication URLs (cf.
[[#3540](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/3540)])
-- Problems in the admin UI when creating a series with
an empty title (cf. [[#3460](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/3460)])
-- Issues with Safari when using the
editor (cf. [[#3544](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/3544)]). 

- New Features and updates 
-- A notable new feature is the password
strength indicator in the user modal. Also, the stand-alone editor was updated  to version 2022-03-22 (for details on
the changes, see the corresponding [release notes](https://github.com/opencast/opencast-editor/releases/tag/2022-03-22)
for the editor). 
-- Configuration options for Elasticsearch have been added. In case a request to
Elasticsearch fails because of an `ElasticsearchStatusException`, you can now configure Opencast to try again. For this,
set `max.retry.attempts` in `org.opencastproject.elasticsearch.index.ElasticsearchIndex.cfg` to  something higher than
0. Set `retry.waiting.period` to a time period in ms to wait between retries (default: 1 second) so  you don't overwhelm
Elasticsearch. Both parameters can be configured separately for read-only actions and those that also update or delete,
since arguably the success of the latter is more important. Changing this config does not require  a restart of
Opencast. See the [Elasticsearch docs](configuration/elasticsearch.md) for more details. Lastly
-- Traditional chinese
translations are back (cf. [[#3545](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/pull/3545)]).

```
